and welcome back to a fresh episode of
business growth show I'm your host Sam
Dunning co-owner over at webchoiceuk.com
and if you haven't done so yet check out
my weekly emails where I share
actionable B2B marketing website tips
podcasts useful goodies and more over at
businessgrowth dot email
[Music]
so join me today I've got Dustin Isaac
Dustin it's the VP for Revenue over
testimonial hero Dustin welcome to the
show sir I'm doing well thanks for
having me Sam looking forward to it
always a pleasure my friends so yeah
today we're gonna be chatting exactly
how customer stories can scale not only
trust
but Revenue cash in the bank as well a
double hitter so first and foremost
Dustin
what does a customer story really mean
yeah so that's an interesting question I
think you know historically customer
stories are
this is the company that used our
product this is how they used it this is
the result
but I think really there's more than
that and like you really have to focus
on the individual and how you made their
job to be done easier and how you
actually help them as a person and
position them as a hero and then once
you capture that story you know there's
a lot of steps after that we can talk
through on how to distribute it how to
ask the questions but at the heart of a
customer story I really think that's
what it is
okay and what's the point of them like
what's the outcome what can we achieve
from customer stories yeah I mean you
outlined a bit at the front like it's
really building trust and hearing from
someone like you right who is trying to
solve the same problems probably in a
similar company
um you know there's G2 logo clouds all
that stuff I think marketers in
particular are becoming a little jaded
because they know how that game works
right but hearing an actual person talk
through it just builds that trust and
makes it easier to get someone to sign
on and you know ultimately get you
Revenue Hmm got it okay and when we say
customer stories
what are we talking about here because
when I hear customer stories probably
two or three two or three things come
into my mind Dustin I'm thinking about
testimonials maybe a classic testimonial
Style on a website maybe like you said
like G2 captera or clutch like you're
you're well ranked listing sites that
you see when you do Google searches
Maybe videos maybe written case studies
on websites so what what we talk are we
talking all above are we talking
something specific
yeah I'd say all the build but what I
really focus on is the testimonial side
so my view there is there's kind of
check Box customer content and stories
that you need so you know G2 or the
Gartner Network like kept hair and that
is kind of an example they go there and
make sure you're actually legit and
you're a real company and you know
people like you
but further down from that there's the
actual individual customer stories tied
to Industry Persona outcome objections
and really that more a niche topic that
you have to Target out to the right
people
um okay so targeting and Persona based
so I know we're gonna walk through a bit
of a step-by-step shortly of of how that
can impact the the ways it can build
trust at different parts of the the cell
cycle
um do you think that's often neglected
do you think there's times dusting where
perhaps B2B companies place too much
emphasis on testimonials at certain
parts of the cell cycle
for sure and like I am 100 guilty of
this as well in past roles where I have
my little Google sheet with okay I need
case studies from these industries this
company size and it was kind of just a
check box right like I had to get this
thing on the website
for sales to use for me to say yeah we
created a case study and I think that's
still how a lot of companies handle it
so the problem there is like honestly
when was the last time you read a full
case study maybe I just don't have the
attention span but I won't sit there and
do it I look and say cool company like
me check
um so I think that's where companies go
wrong and I've gone wrong before is not
really thinking through the distribution
and the actual story and getting
eyeballs on it
you're exactly right I mean at best
you're probably going to flick through
it on a on a website right especially a
hefty case study so you're probably
going to flip through the main pain
points and like results achieved maybe
the logos they worked with flick it a
testimonial and that's probably about it
right 100 and I mean like all the we've
heard about the three percent rule right
we're three percent of your audience
roughly is buying at any time so
best case scenario in the world you get
those three percent to your website
probably not going to happen what
percentage of those are actually going
to read the case study so you know
you're asking for valuable customer time
you're creating a story that probably
has amazing points in it but it's just
not getting that exposure and it's at
that one stage of the funnel
and are there any kind of glaring
obviously glaringly obvious mistakes
that companies tend to make when it
comes to either capturing testimonials
or putting them out there for the market
to see
yeah I think
not having it from the first person of
the buyer is one not really a mistake
but it's kind of the traditional way
things have gone right and a lot of
companies are moving away from this and
it is kind of the old way but you'd see
a case study where the first paragraph
is this company was founded in you know
1992 they have all these locations and
before you get to the meat of it and
like the actual results you got to Wade
through this giant intro so I think
that's part of it so even just flipping
it and almost having it editorial style
right like in fluidive does this with
their upshots of someone telling their
own story making a difference okay yeah
yeah so it sounds like getting to the
point rather than kind of beating around
the bush
yeah I mean I don't know if it's
attention span thing or just what we're
used to but that short form content I
mean you do a podcast you chop things up
you know how it works um you need that
right it's that little trigger to get
people to listen more yeah it's it's a
tough one I mean there's a lot of debate
especially on LinkedIn now when around
video like what's most effective like
I've seen as of now I mean we're
recording 15th of December 2022 at the
time of this actual recording and video
seems to have tanked on LinkedIn reach
at the moment for me anyway
um which is weird because before it was
awesome and now the impression seemed to
be right down at the time recording it
seems to be image posts and linked with
text seem to be doing the best but
algorithms aside video video seem to be
like you say getting much much shorter
and a lot of people used to put kind of
two three four five minute videos up
whereas now they're typically under 60
seconds most of what I see in the feed
anyway from kind of B2B marketers tech
companies Etc
yeah absolutely and I'd say like there's
the traditional case study which we
talked about then the traditional
testimonial which is that 90 second two
minute video that it has its place right
like it's a video case study
but you're probably not going to get a
ton of views on that on LinkedIn organic
or if you're running a demand gen ad
just because it can be a lot to sit
through so you need to chop up that
content and have your 15 second version
maybe even a six second for a YouTube
bumper a 30 second you know all those
different points and match the length
and the content to where the buyer is in
their Journey
yeah yeah it's interesting because I
think even myself like when you think of
especially video content video
testimonials you don't naturally think
of
I certainly don't with using them for
Maybe YouTube pre-roll or chopping them
up in some of these lesser known
platforms well not that YouTube's lesser
known but I think ad roll is lesser
known certainly by most of the people
that I've known or work with but yeah
let's jump into that I want to get into
this this walk this step by step walk
through and where we can map out
personas and make best use of our
testimonials so with that what is the
first thing when it comes to making sure
we're putting out effective testimonials
that are going to build trust with our
target market and are going to speed up
sales cycles and impact Revenue
what's the first thing that we should
either do or prepare for
yeah so but before even talking about
like where they live and how we promote
them and all that really understanding
your persona and kind of the question
fears and doubts that they have so
that's the first step we do usually is
we walk through
you know as a buyer what are they
worried about what is the problem we're
trying to solve and we map all that out
so that when we ask the questions
we we're asking the right thing and
digging in on the right topics
um and I think how you ask the questions
and having a skilled interview
interviewer is highly underrated there's
kind of been this push to you know those
video surveys right like video ask where
you send a link it has a question on
screen
um I host a podcast I do these me
talking to the camera with no one there
is gonna suck like it's just hard to be
comfortable and create an authentic
story so I think it's having those
questions and really thinking it out and
then having a really solid interview or
to actually dig in and ask the right
questions and understand those needs hmm
yeah you're right it's certainly asking
questions as a skill that you can adapt
and you can build over time and it's
only something you can get ready with
with practice yeah
um and when have you got any tips around
how you guys tend to dig out
those problems that buyers prospective
clients buyers are actually going to
care about
yeah so it's honestly a lot of work up
front right like really thinking through
those questions and asking them in a way
that you can have content for the full
funnel in advance
so often it's you know you would ask the
question how long have you been using
the product what were the results all of
that but
even asking around you know well you
were buying what are some of the
objections you were worried about right
so for example we sell remote and
on-site testimonials so when we get a
testimonial created for ourselves one of
the core concerns is can a remote
testimonial be good quality so you know
we wanted to directly ask that and
interview people who had that concern
and we overcame it in the sales cycle
because sales good sales people have
their little like quiver full of these
customer stories that they pull out an
email and you know it's very ad hoc so
we want to do that in a more
systematized way so we can say totally
get that here's a customer like you who
felt that pain and here's why they made
the decision they did
got it yeah yeah that's that's another
good thing isn't it with testimonials
especially video ones for the sales team
to to whip those out as and when
relevant to gonna build trust with
prospects yeah 100 and whether like you
know I'm biased to video because that's
what we do but we also promote our stuff
in a variety of different formats right
so quote cards audiograms you know just
clips for emails the whole gamut which
is important but yeah
nice okay so walking through the
problems that the buyers actually want
to solve and the common objections that
you face prepping those out prepping out
an interview or an interviewee to
conduct those with your with your
customers that's step one
what happens next yeah so step two as
simple as it sounds uh is actually
having the interview and
that's a legitimate skill like we kind
of touched on that right it's not it's
not easy to make someone feel super
comfortable
um it's not easy to know when to dig in
and ask follow-up questions like sales
people go through sales training for
this
for years right on how to ask effective
questions and dig down but that's really
the key there is having that interview
whether in person you know on site or
remotely and having a skilled
interviewer so you get an authentic
detailed response
um I'm sure you've had you know the
parallel here's podcast right so I'm
sure you've had guests who give one-word
answers and you're like digging trying
to get something of value it's kind of
similar with customers right like you'll
have those people who aren't super
Lively aren't giving you a lot so you
need to be prepared and ready to do that
and it's hard like it's not an easy
thing
oh yeah it's podcasts sales calls
Discovery calls they're not all that
different
100 a lot of it comes down to
I suppose it's a bit of give and take
but certainly the sales person or the
interviewer has to do
a lot of the legwork in order to
depending on what the end objective is I
suppose whether it's getting a great
interview providing actionable tips for
in your case the prospects that might be
listening to the testimonial or in my
case to the podcast or in the
salesperson's case then
building trust and seeing if they can
fix the problem or get some business
done with the potential client so yeah
you I completely agree with that
um
so when it comes to conducting these
interviews is there like any sweet spots
any best practices around how long they
should take
um you mentioned their kind of prepping
questions and things like that are there
any other considerations we should put
into play
yeah I think time can vary like we are
usually around that 30 40 minute Mark
which maybe seems long right because
we're producing
you know a full story testimonial that's
90 seconds plus some clips but it's
important to have that raw footage
um and again like I view this kind of as
like a Content pillar piece right so a
lot of people will use a live event or a
podcast as their pillar they'll chop it
up the right blog post about it they'll
create content You Know audio video
images I view that the same way for a
customer story so having a enough length
and enough meat where you don't just
come out with one asset after spending
40 minutes with a customer you come out
with a dozen assets
so that's that's kind of the way we look
at it is customers time is valuable
they're doing you a favor
maximize it as much as you can
that is a good point it's not easy to
get custom reviews no let alone customer
video testimonials yeah any any tips for
kind of making customers feel at ease
and actually give up their time like you
say 30 40 minutes or longer and
especially if that's an on-site then
they're gonna have to take time out that
day any tips for what works well for
actually getting them to approve those
yeah I mean that's a good question
something we're working on a ton because
it is hard like I've struggled with that
before that the first step is finding
the right people so having some measure
of what a successful customer is like
and actually having communication
between CS sales marketing or whoever's
actually capturing this that's where the
breakdown happens a lot of the time
marketing wants to do a bunch of these
and they ask yes
CS you know ignores them gives a couple
suggestions there's back and forth like
we've all been there so that's that's
one part right of actually figuring out
who to ask and then there's the how to
ask and
it's almost like being a good SDR you
can't just Spam a template email I mean
you could and you could play the numbers
game I don't recommend it but it's
really positioning the you know your
customer as the hero explaining the
value they would get out of this
um it's easier in some cases than others
right like we sell to marketers
marketers like to be out there and be
exposed so there is that part but also
just positioning is you know you're a
power user of this product you've done
all these great things it would really
help if we could tell your story to
other potential customers and framing it
that way is important yeah yeah you're
in a good Market selling to marketers is
I imagine a lot easier to do this this
kind of sell for the testimony as
opposed to if you're in a more
traditional industry where perhaps
people are on site or maybe using
technical Machinery or stuff like that
um for sure imagine that's a lot tougher
yeah I mean it definitely is we also
have customers who you know get customer
testimonials from you know truckers out
on the road as part of their customers
so you can do it in any industry but
honestly yeah it is a bit easier in Tech
I would say we're we're kind of used to
this this world and reviews testimonials
got it and when
people are conducting these interviews
like you say they could be 30 40 minutes
so you can make sure you've got enough
content to chop up slice and dice mix
around yep do you tend to do it stop and
start or do you have do you recommend
people just do like a a solid script or
like a one hitter or is it very much
like in this part we're going to talk
about this then we're going to move on
to this then we're going to do that
yeah so we we try to keep it as
conversational as we can because it's
more authentic that way so what we'll do
is we'll have our set you know list of
questions and then if something really
interesting
comes up you can either dig in and ask
follow-up questions or oftentimes we've
also
you know this can be a little awkward so
you need a good interviewer again but
you can have them say that was a really
great point do you think you could try
to say that in a more concise way
um and kind of just repeat that thought
a little quicker because sometimes
people Meander through their thoughts we
all do this so having someone who can
catch like that is an awesome Point
Let's just say it a little shorter and
frame that in a nice way yeah there's a
nice little tip there yeah yeah yeah
good Okay so we've held the interview
we've got got off footage we've done a
good job what's next
yeah so I mean I'm going to skip over
the editing producing side right because
I think there's a million ways you can
take that
um so let's say you know you produce it
in-house you hire someone to do it you
have that finished product what you
really want to do here with the raw
footage is map out to the funnel and I
kind of hate saying funnel because
people don't buy that way but you know
I'm using the traditional unaware you
know problem aware product aware
decision like that typical funnel and
then map out a few things so map out the
touch points there so where does your
audience live so take the unawareness
phase right so people who aren't aware
of us we sell the B2B marketers
LinkedIn is a great channel for that
right B2B marketers are quite active on
there the targeting is strong so in our
case
you know we would look on the unaware
stage we want the LinkedIn side and
we're going to run ads and organic
content here so that's step one like map
that out right so
at the consideration stage where they're
looking at you
figure out the length you want so
probably 45 seconds a minute how sales
is going to use it and what you need to
address there so you map this out all
along your journey all the way to like
renewal you know front to back right you
have to have that prepared
and then the next part once you have the
length is to map the content so what do
people actually want to see at the front
right like when they're completely
unaware they don't know what your
product does they probably want to hear
someone talking about the problem you
solved because that might trigger like
oh I have that problem too this is kind
of interesting
rather than kind of a bottom funnel
super specific point that someone's
making so we map that out all along the
journey and then we get to work on
actually creating that content and
figuring out how to distribute and also
how to measure it to see if it's
successful
okay got it all right so we're starting
with less yeah let's let's kind of take
it step by step through the the funnel
as it were from kind of unaware through
to let's say problem where
um through to maybe considering your
offer and then actually taking the
taking the plunge booking a demo making
the sale whatever that next step is
so talking about the problem you solve
which kind of links back to our first
step
um where we talked about kind of listing
those out and asking the customers we
interviewed to walk through them and
then you mentioned kind of 45 seconds to
one minute Distributing those on kind of
relevant platforms whether that's
through ads or organic content is there
a best practice in terms of this and
when I say that Dustin what I mean is I
we recommend to attract unaware
prospects that are in the market that
might be kind of um a good fit let's say
an ideal client you should put out I
don't know four or five of these videos
that talk about the problem you fix and
distribute them on extra channels and is
there are there any best plays around
this
yeah I mean I
it's gonna vary so much I hate to give a
like maybe a children's answer but like
everything in marketing is kind of maybe
it depends uh but let's take the you
know you decide LinkedIn is your growth
channel to build awareness in particular
LinkedIn ads right you're gonna need
that variety you're gonna have to keep
an eye on frequency and also add type
right so yes we produce videos we think
they're super powerful but even in our
case like we will run
a list of customer videos we will have
five or six running in a campaign at a
time we will have quote cards so image
ads we will have Carousel ads that are
kind of like a Sizzle reel of different
things that people have said to build
trust you know maybe we'll even clip a
couple G2 reviews so we're really
mapping out that variety that matches to
um the particular Channel or the
particular you know medium that you're
using there so that's kind of our our
approach
um and you do need variety like you
can't you could but you probably
shouldn't just do one of these
interviews and just Spam everyone with
content from one interview like actually
have a variety do five or six of these
interviews generate 40 50 pieces of
content and then you're set for a few
quarters right you have a whole wealth
of information there got it okay and I'm
guessing on LinkedIn organic we don't
really need to talk about because that's
just posting it from your personal
profiles but in terms of the ad side of
things it sounds like you're doing a bit
of a variety in terms of the the type of
ads you're putting out and then I'm
guessing you're just setting that up to
distribute to idle client profiles
yeah no exactly so like our approach
there is and we're kind of in a nice
spot where we know our target audience
and you know we can kind of have a list
of these are the eight to ten thousand
companies that are in our ICP perfect
fit so that's kind of step one we don't
just use testimonials there of course
right we use other kinds but testimonies
are a huge chunk of what we do and then
once they interact or visit the website
or take some action they go into a
remarketing stage that is more a little
more down the funnel like really
building trust talking about the
specifics staying top of mind and we
kind of filter them down that way until
they then get to our website and we have
more customer proof there that is more
detailed you know longer than the 15
second ad they saw so that's that's what
we're trying to do is slowly nudge them
down that journey and have more content
as they get to each stage so they don't
just see the same you know case study or
the same video throughout the whole
thing anything that works well looks
works well sorry in terms of a mid
funnel
um content play I.E like you said there
they've looked at your website maybe
they've flicked on a few pages maybe
they flick through the case studies your
pricing pages and then flicked off
yeah so we we kind of take two
approaches there and it depends on what
action they've taken right so if they're
a little further along and we have some
way to actually reach out or drip
content through email or another source
you know we all have videos at that
stage that help but we also use
remarketing a lot for this and you're
you're really not going to know who the
exact person is right like it's going to
be a marketer at this list of companies
that visited your site so we chunk
things out into were they on the site 30
90 180 days ago what pages did they see
as kind of a gauge of how far they are
and then we serve Those ads not just on
LinkedIn but across platforms yep um you
know to to hit them at that right spot
there
okay
any um
any recommendations for YouTube pre-roll
at you mentioned them earlier we've not
already talked about those at all on the
show or YouTube ad video ads in general
any ideas or any lesser known ideas for
when they can be effective are they
effective are they are they worthwhile
yeah this is an interesting one because
it's something honestly we are not the
best at so in 2023 this is kind of a bit
of our focus is how we can get better at
this and the tricky part here is
Those ads are super short so you need a
quick like six second clip that is
interesting enough
um and those are hard to get people to
say
like we have one that we run
um maybe you'll see it on LinkedIn you
know if you visit our site we're going
to probably Market you with this
um but someone says going with testimony
hero was the opposite of buyer remorse
that's less than six seconds it's an
amazing quote like I couldn't write that
it's better than anything I could write
so you need those type of really quick
hit ones there
um the route we're going actually on
YouTube as well is chopping some of the
stuff up into shorts and
you know experimenting a bit with that
more on the organic side
um but I think there's an opportunity on
paid I just wish I was better at it like
that's my goal for 2023 is figure this
out fair enough a lot of marketing is
experimentation there 100 it works we're
messing around with YouTube shorts at
the moment I'm still far from cracked it
but just chopping up some podcast
episode into short tips and some will
get hundreds thousands of views and then
others will just flop but yeah it's fun
to mess around with yeah if you figure
that one out let me know
yeah I don't know if that's happening
anytime soon but it definitely will
um cool man so that's that's kind of
middle of the funnel in the comparison
and the the learning stages and then any
recommendations for people that might be
close to to buying and what what we
should try and get in front of them yeah
100 I think this is actually the most
neglected space for testimonials right
like there's whole
there's whole companies who will work
with you to make sure you have your
customer stories to talk about during a
demo or in follow-up and like build this
bank for you but usually it's it's
quotes right like you have a little
snippet in an email
um what we do is we want to have we we
kind of put into three broad buckets
right so we want we call them objection
Crushers so common objections you know
what they are they're probably things
you have addressed in like an FAQ on the
site in a little bit of detail but
mapping out what those common objections
are and creating videos for them
creating videos on the cost of an action
like most of our deals aren't lost to
competitors they're lost to just
inaction you know people staying with
the status quo yep losing indecision so
talking about you know this is the old
way I was doing it these are the poor
results this is what happened you need
to do this right away and then the third
bucket is on competitive replacement so
this is going to vary you probably don't
want to just you know dump on a
competitor and talk about how they suck
and all that but if you can keep it
broad enough where I switched from this
competitor or this type of product
because XYZ you know that kind of hits
the three three of the main points
during the sales process that a good
salesperson will handle but you can get
your customers to do it and sell for you
which is pretty powerful
yeah it's it's all the tips man
um like common objections
um cost of an action like you say the
status quo is
certainly from my experience and
been selling a fair fair bit now I guess
what I'm 31 now so probably a good 10 11
years and most of the time the reason
deals haven't gone through is because
people just weren't facing a painful
enough problem to move from their
current vendor
um especially when you get into kind of
selling High ticket items or Solutions
if your item is kind of quite complex
quite expensive involves a lot of other
team members to move the decision and
actually implement
then you better hope that your problem
solves or we better show the value on
your problem solving some seriously kind
of bleeding neck juicy problems because
if it doesn't the customer's just going
to stick with the devil they know right
100 yeah like something that's super
integrated like take Salesforce right A
lot of people don't actually love using
the product but integrates with
everything and it's so embedded so if
you're going against something like that
that's probably an extreme example but
if you have to convince someone to rip
that out you better highlight you know
what happens if they don't how is this
affecting them
um like Dooley kind of did this with
Salesforce and note taking and how you
know you're wasting all this time in
there you need us if you don't this is
going to happen so really mapping that
out and thinking through it
nice and then compare to displacement
that's always a funny one
we've had episodes on this show a little
bit where we've talked about that with
things like Google paid search Google
AdWords where you do the old xvy yeah at
array V competitor B
um it's a play that people do on ads
play that people do a little bit of SEO
with like dedicated landing pages with
you versus your competitor it's a play
that the review website is due to
capture Etc so it's it's known you've
got to be careful because there can be
legal issues with it yep especially when
you use up competitors names in certain
lights so you've got to be careful
um
how did you do a video
yeah so I I've done Those ads as well
and those you know us versus them and
you get a whole cease and desist letter
like don't use this this isn't true so I
think that's
too risky doing that head to head like I
would focus it more on your point of
view and how something about you is
actually different from the bulk of a
group of competitors right right so our
case one bucket of competitors are those
like video survey tools okay right where
you send a link to a customer it pops up
a question they answer so instead of
attacking those and naming them and like
there's that's a lose-lose situation we
will talk about the value of having a
producer and an interviewer so you get
authentic conversations versus generic
scripted results so that's our
competitive replacement and competitive
comparison and I think from a conceptual
point of view that's a little stronger
than like this feature sucks our feature
is better
yeah yeah yeah so you're you're
essentially saying like you're not
naming any competitors you're really
saying like how you're how your offer
shines above theirs and like the the
benefits that you'll get bring to the
table exactly yeah and you know maybe we
target some of the keywords or remarket
to some of their audience but we won't
you know call them out by name we're
just gonna do that conceptual R point of
view versus theirs
got it man are there any any points that
we haven't covered on this step by step
um I guess the only other one and we
haven't tapped into it as much is like
people often stop at that the revenue
side right but now with it's hard to
sell in this environment for certain
products right so net retention and like
actually keeping your customers and
actually upselling them is important so
a bit of an untapped Market there is is
that exactly right so say your SAS
company you're rolling out a new product
you've beta tested it you have a few
happy customers
that's a great point for testimonials
right like interview those customers
capture what they liked about it and
then use that for your bigger rollout so
you actually have customer proof and you
know you can Target that to the right
people so that's something we're looking
to expand more and help customers with
just given the times keeping your
customers is easier than finding new
ones so we want to help them do that
yeah yeah yeah
um yeah it's not not something I thought
about in a great deal as well
um I mean bringing like you said it's so
much cheaper to keep an upsell existing
customers than it is to acquire net new
business
um another thing that I tend to do that
should I neglect which we should
certainly our team should do a lot more
is using video in general to bring new
ideas to the table to your existing
customers
um not just we've got a new feature buy
it but yeah more so have you have you um
thought about doing this like with
Widget like did you know widget a could
do this and this could be useful to grow
your business in this this aspect
um for you it'll be something relevant
to your video offer for me it might be
did you know we could tweak your call to
actions to be more descriptive and it
might increase conversion rate yep
things like that you're bringing new
ideas to the table that aren't
necessarily going to cost your customers
more but are going to show that you're
actively interested in helping them
growing their business growing their
revenue sharing new thoughts best
practices
and then maybe a few months later you
can introduce a new service in upsell
them for sure and I think like people
hear testimonial and they think
customers right like it's just customers
we actually also help companies do
employee testimonials which is kind of
like you're describing so be it thought
leadership product launch
um you know that type of thing having a
senior person at the company or multiple
people talking about why they created
this product why it matters intertwining
with Clips like those are also
testimonials in our mind so 100 agree
those can work really well
any um before you wrap things up what
about with prospecting any nice use
cases that you've found where perhaps
your team or other teams have used these
for reaching out cold whether that is
email LinkedIn other social channels or
elsewhere
yeah a little bit I mean we're kind of
in a unique situation internally for us
where like our product is testimonial so
we can send examples and you know that's
a perfect fit for prospecting
um but in general including video links
of someone telling your story is great
um that's something I think people
always do the or often do the you know
vidyard click record
here's my pitch here's my story part
which is great and I think that actually
works quite well
um but we do have customers who will
integrate some of those examples and
those short 15 second clips into their
Outreach so say you know instead of
honestly be honest with it so say
I'm an SDR you probably get a bunch of
these requests so I want one of our
customers to tell you why you should do
XYZ and include a clip it might be
different enough to actually stand out
from the sea of you know those emails we
get
um so I think there's lots of plays
there that could be interesting
definitely definitely I mean video alone
but the amount of trash LinkedIn
messages emails that I get on a daily
basis I'm sure you're the same and yes
people tuning in like
can't tell you the last time I've well
actually I did get a custom video
message today so that was nice but that
was the first one in ages the only ones
that I occasionally get are just uh
generic ones so um yeah certainly a good
way to stand out from the noise for sure
yeah
Dustin it's been a pleasure sir thanks
very much for taking us through the the
customer story testimonial video best
plays and practices
um shared some some really useful and
helpful tips I appreciate it man thanks
for coming on yeah thanks for having me
that was a fun one no worries so please
do tell us more about how everyone
tuning in can learn more about your
company how they can connect with you
and anything you'd like to share with
the audience yeah 100 so you can best
way to connect with me is LinkedIn um
Dustin tezik it's not a common last name
you'll find me pretty easy so you can do
that uh for the company it's
testimonialhero.com so you can head over
there look at the examples uh look at
some content and get ideas even if you
decide to do this on their own on your
own there's some useful stuff there
um and then Shameless podcast plug we
also host uh B2B Revenue leaders which
is a podcast so if you like this one you
might like our podcast so yeah those are
my my three plugs
cheers man we'll put all of those links
and the show notes at businessgrowth dot
marketing thanks once again Dustin
awesome thank you Sam cheers man and as
always if you enjoyed the episode a
quick rating on your podcast Channel or
subscribe on YouTube goes a long way and
we'll catch you on the next one for more
actionable no BS marketing tips grow
your business and grow your Revenue
cheers